[Music]
four minute workout that will transform
your body in three days the journey to
your dream body might seem long and
strenuous but it's actually woody faster
and easier than you think
this simple three-day exercise plan will
work wonders for your body especially
around your tummy and you'll need just
three to five minutes of your time a day
sound like a dream come true
well put your sportswear on and let's do
this naturally we're gonna start with
the three exercises for day one it'll
only take you three minutes to complete
this workout so no excuses but of course
if you have the time and strength for
more you can do this session twice let's
go
[Music]
exercise number one the skyscraper get
into a straight arm plank with your
glutes squeeze tight then rotate your
body to the left until you're in a side
plank reach your left arm upward so that
your body forms the letter T with your
two arms and then simply rotate your
body back to a straight arm plank follow
that up by doing the same thing on the
right side as well just like with all
our exercises today we're gonna do this
one for one minute straight are you
ready then let's begin planking is truly
a miracle exercise working pretty much
the entire body and especially the arms
and core if it's a little hard for you
slow down a bit and don't forget to
breathe properly inhale when you're in
the starting position and exhale as you
rotate your body
a couple of seconds left
wonderful
[Music]
exercise number two the windshield wiper
lie down on your mat with your arms
spread to the sides on your palms down
put your knees up then straighten your
legs and hold them together throughout
the whole exercise drop your legs over
to the left side and come up and drop
them over to the right side see you're a
human windshield wiper
go on get wiping one minute on the clock
[Music]
this is the exercise that improves your
core strength like no other it'll easily
carve out those abs and obliques while
you're doing it make sure that your back
remains flat on the floor exhale as you
rotate your hips and lower your legs
[Music]
three-two-one
fantastic number three army crawls get
into an elbow plank and squeeze those
buttocks tight you know the drill by now
from this position take a few steps
forward using your arms and legs and
then crawl backward to where you were
nice and easy let's keep going
[Music]
you won't recognize your body if you do
army crawls regularly with a
strengthened core and upper body
you might just achieve the body of a
real soldier just try to hold your hips
low and make sure your body remains
parallel to the floor for this exercise
to work its magic to the fullest
[Music]
we're almost done and nice job that's it
for day one how are you feeling now
relax a bit and see what the exercises
for day 2 and 3 are all about you can
come back to this video tomorrow to
actually do them and don't miss our
exciting bonus at the end so day two
will consist of four exercises that are
a little more difficult get ready to
pump up the effort exercise number one
the breakdancer get into a straight arm
plank from this position take your left
foot slide it up through your plank to
touch the right side of the floor then
take your right foot slide it through
and touch the left side of the floor
keep doing that for the next minute
alright let's bust a move the
breakdancer exercise rocked your
obliques abs and lower back it also
significantly strengthens your shoulders
arms and legs while improving your
cardiovascular fitness if the exercise
seems too easy for you just increase
your speed
[Music]
five more seconds and very nice high
five exercise number two a skydiver
[Music]
start the exercise by lying on your
stomach with your hands behind your head
raise your arms and legs upward
squeezing your glutes hold this position
for about ten seconds and then get back
into the starting position we'll do ten
second rounds for the next minute this
exercise engages your lower back muscles
and your buttocks making it one of the
most effective exercises for improving
your core strength and changing your
body for the better you're doing great
keep going
[Music]
just a couple more seconds and done
number three the dead bug lie on your
back with your knees and hips bent at 90
degree angles hold your arms straight up
above you extend your left leg and reach
your right arm towards the floor squeeze
your gluts and repeat the exercise with
the opposite arm it's time to start it
might have a gross name but this
exercise will do you a lot of good it
strengthens your abs in core without
putting strain on your lower back and
that's a rare find it's irreplaceable
for toning the body and getting a truly
gorgeous physique to do it properly make
sure that your back remains flat on the
floor and times up exercise number four
threading the needle start this exercise
in a side plank from this position
rotate your hips towards the floor and
reach your free arm all the way through
as if you were threading a needle
rotate back to the side plank and repeat
the exercise don't forget to switch
sides as well ready set go
[Music]
this exercise engages both primary and
secondary muscle groups like your
shoulders upper chest neck and back
among others that's why it's really
popular for different purpose workouts
[Music]
and that's it for day two on day three
you'll be doing four exercises again
it's performed right you'll probably
feel super challenging but don't give up
the results are so worth it
exercise number one crab kicks into
Superman get into a crab position lift
your left leg and try to reach your left
foot with your right arm then flip over
into a straight arm plank raise up the
same arm and leg into a Superman
position flip over and repeat the same
movements with the opposite side who
talked about coordination but enough
talk let's go crab kicks just like
pretty much all our exercises today
develop core strength and tone your legs
and abdominals if you can try to
increase the speed a little bit for
better results
[Music]
just ten seconds left
good job exercise number two star leg
raise get into a side elbow plank from
this position raise your top leg toward
the ceiling and then bring it back down
one minute on the clock starts now
[Music]
you're sure to find this exercise on the
top list for a banned leg workouts and
that's no surprise because it's proven
to be incredibly effective and
beneficial for achieving a desired slim
physique you're doing great just make
sure your toes are pointed forward
and stop exercise number three side
v-ups start the exercise by lying on
your side raise both legs up together
reaching your left elbow toward your
knees then go back to the starting
position and repeat the exercise be sure
to balance everything out and switch
sides come on now we can do this this
exercise is a real challenge because it
engages a lot of muscle groups but it's
totally worth the effort it
significantly strengthens your core and
improves your stamina try to go slowly
and breathe properly inhaling as you go
back to the starting position
[Music]
keep going one more time and you did it
take a quick breather and we'll finish
the workout with today's last exercise
exercise number four under and over
start the exercise in a standing
position
squat to one side as if you're trying to
get under an imaginary fence then step
in the same direction as if you're
trying to get over the fence first with
one leg and then the other repeat the
same motions in the opposite direction
let's take a deep breath and begin the
under-over exercise works your buttocks
and legs improving your balance and
stamina it can be pretty hard to do but
that just means that the muscles are
working if you do it regularly
it'll get way easier
[Music]
three two one all done
props to you for completing the whole
three-day training session relax and
listen up because we have an exciting
little bonus that you'll want to know as
we mentioned before all of the exercises
we've done together
are aimed at targeting your core the
core is made up of your abdominals lower
back pelvis and glute muscles many of us
deal with back pain on a regular basis
yet not everyone knows that chronic back
pain can be a side effect of a weak core
therefore strengthening the core muscles
will help make your back way stronger
and pain-free start doing these
exercises on a daily basis and you'll
kill two birds with one stone get your
body in the shape you've always dreamt
of while kicking annoying back pain to
the curb definitely a super combo
[Music]
what habits do you think can help keep
the body in good shape tell us in the
comments below don't forget to share
this video with all your friends who
dream of transforming their bodies to
stay on the bright side
[Music]